Add `labs/` folder (#503)
matrix-org/matrix-rust-sdk: labs/README.md

# Experiments

This directory contains experiments, work-in-progress crates, or other code and documentation, that
do not fall under the same stability guarantees as the main crates (`matrix-sdk`,
`matrix-sdk-crypto`, etc.).

> Code and documentation here may become unmaintained or outdated, and possibly removed at any time.

Reviewer: I do want project that are here to be maintained, at least in the sense that CI-jobs ensure we don't break them unknowingly. But with a breaking CI we might also just agree that an experiment has run its course and be removed. So, let's keep this a bit more vague...

```suggestion
Lab projects might be abandoned and possibly removed at any time.
```

---

That said, this directory is meant to freely explore unconventional or interesting ways the Matrix
Rust SDK can evolve, feel free to propose an experiment.

> Current experiments;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Current experiments
```

> TBD

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TBD

## Archived experiments

_Link to PR that deleted the experiment from the repo, newest first_: 
```
